are you two it's been about a year in a
few days since I recently made a youtube
video on a i got its a november
second here in bracebridge and I got day
TNT 340 electric it has the teeth in the
cluster there's no starter for it which
is a little bit of a bummer but this
thing runs well better than my other one
did like three year one MIT one pole
probably but the track is not as well on
this one is the other really was it'll
have to be changed in a bit and attack
here i bought this nothing like it's not
all together anything so i got to figure
that out maybe next year just waiting
for the snow to fall here to get out
riding i'm just going to start it up
here this one will be a few poles maybe
yeah needs a little bit of work but runs
good there so got a lot more sludge on
the air here Mirage 300 or dropping a
340 in it maybe get a run say TNT enter
there another 340 silver bullet with a
440 under that 171 nordic with a 399
there's two Olympics the one wants just
the part slide throw in the fanned the
other one's got a 400 electric start
engine in it so we're going to swap them
over and this thing you know needs a new
hood so maybe if you got some parts
windshield you know track maybe if or if
you recover seats or something we need a
few receipts covered so maybe if you do
any of that you could just comment or
I'll probably put my email on the thing
the YouTube there so yeah I just email
me or something tell me what you got
maybe sell sleds why not yeah alright
thanks keep you updated